Bigeye documentation (#842)
mozilla/data-docs: src/cookbooks/data_quality/intro.md

# Introduction to Bigeye

In 2024H1, Mozilla chose Bigeye as its data observability platform to ensure high data quality and reliability across its pipelines. Bigeye offers powerful features like automated anomaly detection, detailed data lineage tracking, and customizable monitoring. These capabilities allow teams to swiftly identify, diagnose, and resolve data issues, enhancing overall data integrity and operational efficiency.

## Accessing Bigeye

You can access Mozilla's instance of Bigeye at [`app.bigeye.com`](https://app.bigeye.com/).

> If you do not have the necessary access or permissions, please submit a Jira ticket [`here`](https://mozilla-hub.atlassian.net/browse/DENG-4728)

Reviewer: As above.

```suggestion
If you do not have the necessary access or permissions, please [submit a Jira ticket](https://mozilla-hub.atlassian.net/browse/DENG-4728).
```

## Getting Started

> A short demo of Bigeye is available [`here`](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DWyZuU-w1c&t=9s)

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
A short demo of Bigeye is available [as a video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DWyZuU-w1c&t=9s)
```

or

```suggestion
Watch the [Bigeye tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DWyZuU-w1c&t=9s) to get an overview of the platform.
```
